("Shadowtime" by Siouxsie
and the Banshees)
♪ The voice asleep, the
voice has vanished ♪
♪ From the top of the
sky to the place below ♪
♪ Touch the surface and the mirror bends ♪
♪ Your words resound, out of control ♪
♪ Freeze into time now ♪
♪ Still inside, yet doubt survives ♪
♪ It all begins, beneath the skin ♪
♪ No-one is near, no-one will hear ♪
♪ Your changeling song take shape ♪
♪ In Shadowtime ♪
♪ Shadowtime ♪
♪ Turn your wish to a vapor,
the silhouette fades ♪
♪ Eclipse your blue eyes,
and the outline remains ♪
♪ From the house of the
moon to the stars up above ♪
♪ Amidst the comets, first sight of love ♪
♪ So begins the countdown ♪
♪ Falling sky, a solar sigh ♪
♪ It all begins, beneath the skin ♪
♪ No-one is near, no-one will hear ♪
♪ Your changeling song takes shape ♪
♪ In Shadowtime ♪
♪ Shadowtime ♪
♪ Catching fire, taking hold ♪
♪ All that glisters leaves you cold ♪
♪ No-one is near, no-one will head ♪
♪ Your changeling song take shape ♪
♪ In Shadowtime, the silhouette fades ♪
♪ Shadowtime, first sight of love ♪
♪ Shadowtime, the silhouette fades ♪